Remove Parse::Node, add ElementIndex in docs for typed insts (#4604)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: toolchain/docs/check.md

    even though they can't be used as a first-class value in Carbon expressions.

-   Up to two additional [kind-specific members](#instruction-operands). For
    example `SemIR::Assign` has members `InstId lhs_id` and `InstId rhs_id`. And
    `SemIR::ClassElementAccess` has an `ElementIndex` into the fields of the
    class to define which field it is accessing.

Instructions are stored as type-erased `SemIR::Inst` objects, which store the
instruction kind and the (up to) four fields described above. This balances the
size of `SemIR::Inst` against the overhead of indirection. All instructions have
with them a `LocId` that tracks their source location, and is stored separately
on the `InstStore` and retrieved by `GetLocId()`.

A `SemIR::InstBlockId`, used to index into `SemIR::InstBlockStore`, can
represent a code block. However, it can also be created when a series of
instructions needs to be closely associated, such as a parameter list.

A number of instruction types in
[sem_ir/typed_insts.h](/toolchain/sem_ir/typed_insts.h) are builtin
instructions, such as `SemIR::TypeType` which represents the unconstrained facet

> type `type`. We will also have built-in functions which would need to form the
> implementation of some library types, such as `i32`. Built-ins have stable ids
> in the `SemIR::InstStore` across `SemIR` instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type `type`. Builtins have stable ids in the `SemIR::InstStore` across `SemIR`
instances.
```
Pre-existing, but since we're here: I think mentioning builtin functions in this paragraph is a bit misleading, since they don't really have any connection to builtin instructions. We should probably have some separate description of them elsewhere in this document, but I think they deserve a section of their own.

-   Up to two additional, kind-specific members. For example `SemIR::Assign` has
    members `InstId lhs_id` and `InstId rhs_id`.

> -   Optionally, an `ElementIndex index` field for instructions that refer to a

Reviewer: This is one of the kind-specific members described in the previous bullet, rather than a distinct special case. I don't think it's worth calling out as a special case here, but maybe the previous bullet could mention there are various different valid types for the kind-specific members?

Author: I've combined these two bullet points together, using them as two examples.
